New backend specialised for Hamming-weight-preserving circuits (#1565)
qiboteam/qibo: doc/source/api-reference/qibo.rst

The probabilities are computed by the :meth:`qibo.quantum_info.hamming_weight.HammingWeightResult.probabilities` method.
If there are no measurements in the circuit or the number of shots is :math:`0`, they are calculated from the statevector.
Otherwise, they are calculated from the samples.

The final measured samples and frequencies are accessible through the :meth:`qibo.quantum_info.hamming_weight.HammingWeightResult.samples` method, and through the :meth:`qibo.quantum_info.hamming_weight.HammingWeightResult.frequencies` method, respectively.

It is also possible to recover the standard state representation with the
:meth:`qibo.quantum_info.hamming_weight.HammingWeightResult.full_state` method.
Note, however, that this process is inefficient as it involves the construction of
a statevector with size exponential in the number of qubits.

As for the other backends, the Hamming-weight backend can be set with

.. testcode::  python

    import qibo
    qibo.set_backend("hamming_weight", platform="numpy")

by specifying the engine used for calculation, if not provided the current backend is used

.. testcode::  python

>     import qibo
> 
>     # setting numpy as the global backend
>     qibo.set_backend("numpy")
>     # the clifford backend will use the numpy backend as engine
>     backend = qibo.backends.CliffordBackend()

Author: ```suggestion
    from qibo import set_backend
    from qibo.backends import HammingWeightBackend

    # setting numpy as the global backend
    set_backend("numpy")
    # the clifford backend will use the numpy backend as engine
    backend = HammingWeightBackend()
```

The execution of a circuit through this backend creates a
:class:`qibo.quantum_info.hamming_weight.HammingWeightResult` object that gives access to the final state
through the :meth:`qibo.quantum_info.hamming_weight.HammingWeightResult.state` method.
The probabilities are computed by the :meth:`qibo.quantum_info.hamming_weight.HammingWeightResult.probabilities` method.
If there are no measurements in the circuit or the number of shots is :math:`0`, they are calculated from the statevector.
Otherwise, they are calculated from the samples.

The final measured samples and frequencies are accessible through the :meth:`qibo.quantum_info.hamming_weight.HammingWeightResult.samples` method, and through the :meth:`qibo.quantum_info.hamming_weight.HammingWeightResult.frequencies` method, respectively.

It is also possible to recover the standard state representation with the
:meth:`qibo.quantum_info.hamming_weight.HammingWeightResult.full_state` method.
Note, however, that this process is inefficient as it involves the construction of
a statevector with size exponential in the number of qubits.

As for the other backends, the Hamming-weight backend can be set with

.. testcode::  python

>     import qibo
>     qibo.set_backend("hamming_weight", platform="numpy")

Author: ```suggestion
    from qibo import set_backend

    set_backend("hamming_weight", platform="numpy")
```

by specifying the engine used for calculation, if not provided the current backend is used

.. testcode::  python

>     from qibo import set_backend
>     from qibo.backends import HammingWeightBackend
> 
>     # setting numpy as the global backend
>     set_backend("numpy")
>     # the clifford backend will use the numpy backend as engine

Author: ```suggestion
    from qibo import set_backend
    from qibo.backends import HammingWeightBackend

    # setting numpy as the global backend
    set_backend("numpy")
    # the Hamming-weight backend will use the numpy backend as engine
```

As for the other backends, the Hamming-weight backend can be set
by specifying the engine used for calculation, *i.e.*

.. testcode::  python

    from qibo import set_backend

    set_backend("hamming_weight", platform="numpy")

If not provided, the current global backend is used:

.. testcode::  python

    from qibo import set_backend
    from qibo.backends import HammingWeightBackend

    # setting numpy as the global backend
    set_backend("numpy")
    # the Hamming-weight backend will use the numpy backend as engine
    backend = HammingWeightBackend()

A Hamming-weight-preserving circuit with Hamming weight :math:`k` can be executed as the following example:

.. testcode::  python

    from qibo import Circuit, gates, set_backend
    from qibo.backends import HammingWeightBackend

    backend = HammingWeightBackend()

    nqubits = 4
    circuit = Circuit(nqubits)
    circuit.add(gates.SWAP(0, 1))

    result = backend.execute_circuit(circuit, weight=2)

    # the above execution is equivalent to the following
    # that uses the global backend and the ``weight`` kwarg

    set_backend("hamming_weight", platform="numpy")

    result = circuit(weight=2)

> .. testsetup::  python
> 
>     set_backend("numpy")

Author: ```suggestion
.. testsetup::  python
    from qibo import set_backend

    set_backend("numpy")
```
